I"}<p>I always found myself immersed in books during summers throughout my childhood and teenage years.<!--more--> I was a voracious reader, though I was slow on comprehension and ultimately long-term preservation. For example: I have read the entire Harry Potter series, but I only remember character names; I read most of every adventure the Boxcar Children could get themselves into, and all I remember is that the children plus grandpa lived in a boxcar; however, I read the His Dark Materials series many, many times, and those books I could probably loosely outline. In any case, I devoured fiction, and sometimes even non-fiction, book after book.</p>

<p>I came to discover that all books have some “padding”, a term I borrow from web coding— within the physical book there is an actual text surrounded by valuable but non-crucial materials in front and back. In my childhood, I remember I got so used flipping to page 3, where so many books traditionally found the beginning of chapter 1 or the prologue. I always skipped the pages in the beginning that had little Roman numerals. I would think, what are those about? What is a “pre-face” or a “foreward [sic]”? It was probably as a teenager and even college student that I started to read these introductory pages, and one day it dawned on me that they fulfilled purposes. Sometimes they were critical analyses, and sometimes they explained culture and history. Often they describe what the author wants you to know about their own context before you begin to read the book. So here I will provide you with the preface to these emails: days i, ii, iii, and iv.</p>

<p>I left Los Angeles on Saturday on an evening flight to Houston, catching the flight with a full hour to spare, fueled on a satisfying vegan meal for I was afraid of what lay ahead. My time in Houston was a little bit of a whirlwind, from getting in late to sort-of-sleeping to eating breakfast tacos to scrapping taco labels as envelope seals and then attending a wedding. I was constantly surrounded by old friends and new, starting with eating Asian pears with the groom, ending with taking photos with the bride, and full of a lot of new friends in the middle, deemed “the leftovers.” (Olivia and David, congratulations on your marriage, and thank you for planning and executing after an incredible event.) From being immersed in joyous and inebriated folks, I was whisked off to the cold machinery of the airport. Fortunately, I was still feeling the warm rush of joy that comes with seeing two people happily a part of each other, and I savored that until I fell asleep on the plane.</p>

<p>HOU —————&gt; TPE —&gt; KUL(klia) —&gt; KTM</p>

<p>On my first flight, I sat smack between two other guests of the wedding, one of whom I had met! We talked for a while, fell asleep, watched movies together, ate together, and passed a whole fifteen hours before finally landing in Taipei. There I had another three hours of layover before I could fly to Kuala Lumpur, itself a flight of similar length. I packed Oreos in my carry-on, and I confess that many of them were consumed in this period of time. It was strange to be in this familiar place only in transit; I think at this point I decided that I will return to Taipei on this trip.</p>

<p>In KL, I retrieved my luggage, printed my new boarding pass, cringed at my own scent, wandered the airport for two hours looking for interesting shops or showers, and finally sat down for dinner at a Malaysian restaurant chain themed bright pink and called Grandmama’s. As the person next to me started to order in English, I picked out what I thought was the distinct accent of an American. Turns out she was German. But also turns out that she was on her way back to Germany after an entire year and more of traveling, starting in New Zealand and making her way through Southeast Asia by backpacking. She seemed to have… well, more resources at her disposal than me. But I think that was energizing to find someone who could easily be me in the near future.</p>

<p>I boarded my flight to Kathmandu and, five hours later, I finally found Priyankar waiting for me outside the airport at the edge of what was probably a hundred people or more. When a marathon runner finishes a race, I imagine they cross a painted line amid throngs of people who are all very happy, some who have run endorphins high and some who have simply watched. Everyone must be cheering and it is infectious; plus, ideally, there is someone around cheering for you. That’s the feeling I got when I stepped out of the airport after nearly forty hours of post-wedding travel. His uncle and mom drove us to his maternal grandparents’ place, and this is where we are staying until our trek begins on the 21st.</p>

<p>That is where I am now. The dogs are barking like they do in LA, but the community here is closer both physically and figuratively. A rooster is crowing. Priyankar said the monsoon has washed away the frogs, but otherwise I’d hear them from the small rice paddy next door. I am getting by on jetlag fumes, so it is time to recharge. (here I slept, and continued the next morning)</p>

<p>I suppose I am here to recharge. I am traveling to give myself some time, to reflect on how the academic pressures of high school, the social and academic stresses of undergrad, and my personal growth while teaching have all come to be fundamental parts of me. Weeks and months of living day-to-day means that I have constantly been building, yet I have never seen what has been built. Ten years of working in this way have brought me face-to-face with some of the most admirable people I have ever met, some of the most beautiful places I have ever seen, and some of the most fundamental issues that we deal with today. Samantha Power told us at our commencement to “get close” in our work, which I took to heart as a teacher. But now I need to step back and see what has been built; I need to reconsider what is important to me and return with a more decisive sense of direction.</p>

<p>So I might send an email every few days, or I may disappear for long periods of time. I am in Nepal, I am going to China, and I have no return flight. I have little planned so my timing is flexible. I could stay abroad for a month or two, or, like the girl from the KL airport, perhaps I’ll disappear for a whole year. (My bets are on being back by January.)</p>

<p>A few notes to end with:
1) On my first EVA flight, they had no vegetarian options shown on the menu. I was very close to asking for a vegetarian option, but knowing how difficult it is to navigate the meat- AND dairy-free space abroad, I just gave up and settled for eating my three cup chicken (三杯雞). This held true for the second meal on that flight too AND the meal on the next flight. On my flight to Nepal, they literally only had chicken meals. I suppose I am quite officially a flexetarian. If you are like ¨how can Rain call himself vegetarian this is a disgrace to vegetarianity you should just eat bread!¨ we can chat about it. In other news, after like 48 hours of eating meat, my teeth have stopped hurting. Is this a sign? (Reading into research here.)</p>

<p>2) Long flight? More like extended free entertainment! I watched the Grand Budapest Hotel and I got a huge kick out of it. Also watched Concert of the Bully (from HK, kind of trope-y yet also reflective and creative); Bareilly Ki Barfi (cute Bollywood flick); a few episodes of Silicon Valley season 5 (whoa, I thought it was quite well-written and funny!); the only episodes of FOtB that were available (I have to finish this series someday). Also watched Gravity (Sandra Bullock was great, but the scenery was a little monotonous, as I’m sure it would be in real life…).</p>

<p>3) I would LOVE to hear from you, dear reader, with an update on how you are and what you are up to. I invite you to reply directly to this email or to send a separate one.</p>

<p>Thanks for reading, and hope to hear from you as well.</p>
:ET